the international water is two-time champion of america a lot of party yesterday at the waterfront
lots of party in porto alegre all state and all coverage all pictures
for you here at the sport globe we started with the game aldo beck years with
the promoter
the setting was perfect
until his majesty the king pelé quoted the duty of him the invited there
Special
and at the end the track on the grass summarized the double confidence that this
image was just a matter of time to commemorate a question of 90
minutes to party
each sector of the club
but when the professional
from all of us of the year
the other things have been paid this situation said
did not drop the plug and
the scare of the locals
moreover 13 thousand houses in nothing
at the end of this liberators had no coincidence after 2006
in this story
it will be different
the history of the 2010 decision began with a Mexican mismatch
Baptist did not respect and the Brazilian added as a provocation
but that
is part of a liberators
so also how the suffering does so they made the first show
but then came the second time divers expert in late
liberators rafael sobis who designed
he did not return to the inter
still more security
last game of the competition could not miss the name
The sock touched the ball.
celso roth even promoted a liberators debut
of this value
a 51-meter peak the goal of the turn
a gift for the nation skipped a gift for himself in the justification
for those tears brokers raised the level of rio de janeiro
two players from the play play but it would not be fair with the media to finish
liberators
without a goal by Giuliano
the predestined but sweaty by God as he himself likes
there the boy we will have the participation in the golden key and made a
great goal
worthy of the end of competition
Teresina
so hospitalization does not forgive
this season in this liberators the goal of omar bravo
the confusion between tired players
It was a perfect night.
and now all the pictures of Wednesday night with the siege but we started
almost 50 thousand people in the waterfront stadium in porto alegre the arrival of the
international bus has celebrated its next mandate
incidentally throughout Wednesday seems from the Tehran capital
besides the image of the crowd in the stadium
We are now in Bourbon dances just because I am Murdoch's daughter.
front and reserve
Then your relief and the party.
and the red fans
the whole city said butterfly
the agency that becomes an exemplary player of a violent dawn and the
players like that
a supposed friend
but was very celebrated
giuliano player's party,,,,,,, 9
made a good competition with the team only of players but hours causing
greater then there to play in england
celebrated a lot during the whole of the night, and celso roth has days that
they did not win
I'm not the champion of the liberators of america.
the greenway also the images of the monsignor
as achieved
in the state is easy
in this deep step session
the maid sees how many times that would end this game but we too
southern cxias in the dante alighieri square
the party of the fans in the mountains
at least in the midst of the Gulf War months
the party of the red fans in the middle
without major parties plus international coverage and chivas after
commercial